[3.7] Removed dangling `since Python` at the end of library/xml.rst. (GH-11201) (#11231)
python/cpython: Doc/library/xml.rst

2. :mod:`xml.dom.minidom` doesn't expand external entities and simply returns
   the unexpanded entity verbatim.
3. :mod:`xmlrpclib` doesn't expand external entities and omits them.

> 4. Since Python 3.8, external general entities are no longer processed by

Reviewer: Should be `3.7.1` instead of `3.8`. And docs for 3.8 should refer to `3.7.1` too, because there were no vulnerable releases between 3.7.1 and 3.8.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Since Python 3.7.1, external general entities are no longer processed by
```
